README.md, before:

# Ng4Material

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.1.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Information
added basic information on how to install and use

README.md, after:

# Ng4-Material

## About

This is an Angular 4 CLI clean project with Material Design imported and ready to use

## Instalation Guide

After you download/clone the repo what you need to do is the following:

```bash
npm install

npm install --save @angular/material @angular/animations

ng serve
```
and you are ready to open your browser at http://localhost:3000 and have fun

to learn more and know how to use it visit [Material Design](https://material.angular.io)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.1.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:3000/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
